Document the way for customers to quickly verify the filtering rules (#13547)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/billing/serverless.md

You can track the number of billable Serverless invocations in your account by checking the [Datadog Usage Page][4]. You can see both the Month-To-Date summary, as well as usage over time.

> To control the functions whose invocations Datadog is monitoring, filter out particular functions by sorting by tag with the [UI](#ui) or by using the [API](#api). You may note that it takes some time for the excluded functions to disappear from the [Datadog serverless page][8] and [Datadog usage page][4], but you can verify the filtering rules by checking if the [aws.lambda.invocations][9] metric is still being ingested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To control the functions whose invocations Datadog is monitoring, filter out particular functions by sorting by tag with the [UI](#ui) or by using the [API](#api). 

**Note**: It takes some time for the excluded functions to disappear from the [Datadog serverless page][8] and [Datadog usage page][4]. Verify the filtering rules by checking the `[aws.lambda.invocations][9]` metric for the filtered functions. When Datadog stops monitoring a function, the value of `aws.lambda.invocations` falls to 0.
```

You can track the number of billable Serverless invocations in your account by checking the [Datadog Usage Page][4]. You can see both the Month-To-Date summary, as well as usage over time.

To control the functions whose invocations Datadog is monitoring, filter out particular functions by sorting by tag with the [UI](#ui) or by using the [API](#api). 

> **Note**: It takes some time for the excluded functions to disappear from the [Datadog serverless page][8] and [Datadog usage page][4]. Verify the filtering rules by checking the `[aws.lambda.invocations][9]` metric for the filtered functions. When Datadog stops monitoring a function, the value of `aws.lambda.invocations` falls to 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: It takes some time for the excluded functions to disappear from the [Datadog serverless page][8] and [Datadog usage page][4]. Verify the filtering rules by checking the [`aws.lambda.invocations`][9] metric for the filtered functions. When Datadog stops monitoring a function, the value of `aws.lambda.invocations` falls to 0.
```
